after cleansing and conditioning with
catwalk by TG sleep mystique glossing
shampoo and calming conditioner prepare
the models hair with fast fix followed
by the blowout balm commence the cut by
taking a central profile parting from
the forehead to the nape next create two
slight diagonal forward sections from
the occipital bone to the middle of the
air starting at the center back with the
head slightly tilted forward comb the
hair to its natural fall and holding the
section at 0 degrees elevation blunt cut
the hair parallel to the part continue
this technique towards the sides
maintaining the corners and keeping the
baseline square
[Music]
before proceeding check the balance take
two diagonal forward sections from the
top of the occipital bone to the top of
the ear using the same technique as
before cut the baseline squarely using a
blunt cutting technique
[Music]
take a horseshoe section from below the
crown to the middle of the recession
area behind the air continue working in
the same format as the previous sections
in front of the air comb the hair to its
natural fall and over direct the hair
behind the shoulders without applying
any tension maintain the corner whilst
continuing to cut squarely
[Music]
take a horseshoe section from the crown
to the front hairline comb the hair to
its natural fall hold at 0 degrees
elevation and continue blunt cutting
parallel to the part using the guide
from below
[Music]
check the balance before proceeding
bring the head to the upright position
release all the remaining hair from the
top section and complete the cut using
the previous guideline
[Music]
after power drying smooth the cuticle
using a TG Pro large paddle brush
working from the bottom upwards apply a
small amount of the catwalk by TG sleek
mystique Haute iron spray then use a
flat iron to seal the cuticle
[Music]
clean any excess graduation using a
freehand technique finish with the sleek
mystique look lock hairspray
[Music]
you